===== JAGTRACK REACT - MODULE 2 =====
Student: Keaton Lemanski
Date: 12/15/25

My Classes:
Chemistry: I was offerd it in Biology and I took it because it was more advanced.
JavaScript Programming: I wanted to know more about coding and figured I would need to take it at some point.
Collage U.S History: I love History and mostly took the class for fun with the bonus of collage credits.
Teen Choices: This was a required course that I had to take to pass.

EXERCISE 1: NAVIGATION & TABS


Classes Page Design:
The color scheme that I chose for of the tabs was the default. I belived that it worked the best for my vision.
I belive that I did complete the responsive tabs challange. The most challenging thing about them was getting them to 
go to the right place, they would often not work or go to a different page.

EXERCISE 2: GOOGLE CALENDAR INTEGRATION


Calendar Setup:
- Did you create a new calendar or use an existing one? [I used the existing one that as on canvas and just imported it.]
- How many Canvas iCal feeds did you add? [1]
- Did you add them individually by course or as one combined feed? [I only added the 1 individually because I was having problems in getting to different and more calendars from canvas.]

Reflection:
[Write 3-4 sentences about the calendar integration:
- How will this calendar help you stay organized? I can keep track of dates and when work is due.
- What challenges did you face getting it set up? Trying to import the calendar from canvas and getting to it in the first place. 
- Did you customize the calendar view? Which view do you prefer?] No, I liked it the way it was imported.

EXERCISE 3: DARK/LIGHT MODE TOGGLE

Color Scheme Design:
[Write 4-5 sentences about your color choices:
- What colors did you choose for light mode? Why? Mostly White, it fit the best for a light mode.
- What colors did you choose for dark mode? Why? I chose dark Blue and Black. This is because the theme was red and blue so I thought it would look good. 
- How do your color choices reflect your personality or style? I like the color Blue.
- How did you ensure good contrast for accessibility?] I made the tabs different colors.




Theme Preferences:
- Which theme do you prefer personally and why? [I prefer the light theme, I just think that it looks better.]
- When do you think dark mode is most useful? [During a late night or in a dark room.]



JavaScript Understanding:
The toggle theme function allows you to change the theme colors.
LocalStorage is what holds infromation about jagtrack, It holds them localy so it is on the storage drive. 
The theme preference presists when I reload the page because it is a functiont that is ran through when the app is started or updated. 


About Me Page:
I followed the instructions that were on the document. I wrote out the about me on a google doc and copy pasted it in. I was however having problems with the pfp and adding it so I needed to import the link.

OVERALL MODULE 2 REFLECTION
What I Learned:
The most challenging part of Module 2 was getting things to import correctly. There were a lot of problems with it and things would just not import correctly so I needed to figure it out.
I am most proud of the way that it turned out in the end. I like that it is usable.
My understanding of how overall code worked in react. It vastly improved during my time working on module two.
I would like to learn things about AI and AI coding next.

Real-World Application:
I probably wont get the chance to use it super often sence I can already use most of its functions on canvas. But I will still use it for the calendar and getting to canvas.
A feature that I may add in the feuture is disableing the test mode on the AI interface. 
